Add a dedicated exit code when all tests reported "skip" result (#2477)
teemtee/tmt: docs/overview.rst

    Errors occured during test execution.
3
    No test results found.
4

>     Test were executed, and all reported ``skip`` result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tests were executed, and all reported the ``skip`` result.
```

Author: Fixed in b0cbb07c
